Some notes about the `twitter_search.rb` file.

Using the twitter gem felt a little like "cheating," but there was no requirement that I not use gems. Specifically, OAuth 1.0a is "fiddly" enough that I would certainly not roll my own implementation. I have done OAuth (2.0) manually in Ruby (using the Faraday gem and a LOT of trial and error), but it's not something I'd recommend. There are a surprising number of edge conditions to consider.

If I were to do this completely from scratch, I'd first build a gem of the OAuth "session" setup and message signing protocols with Twitter, and make sure it worked (full test suite, etc.). Then once I could use that for a sample call, I'd wrap another library (maybe its own gem, maybe the same gem but a different module, depending upon requirements) around Faraday calls and JSON parsing to represent the JSON responses from the API as PORO's. Finally, I'd consume both libraries to do... essentially what's being done here, except far less well tested and far slower. I'm *not* a fan of "rolling my own" when someone else has already done a good job at it; I'm just stating how I'd do it if that were a requirement.

If I were doing this for production, I'd ask more questions -- many of them focused on the input/output format. The Twitter API limits user/tweet search results to 1000 hits, so this needs to be called out. Also, the method of encoding/retrieving the auth & auth credentials was never specified, so I used what I've seen as a semi-standard, environment variable save. User search *cannot* be carried out without user-level authentication (per the docs), so we have to have a full access token, not just an API ID/secret pair.

Finally, one thing that feels a bit "dirty" to me is the commingling of concerns between the search call and the display formatting. This comes from years of working with Rails, I suppose, where the "V" is supposed to be separate from the "M" and the "C" :) Ideally, we'd just stream out tweets/users and separate the concern of rendering to a collaborator class. But then, since I'm using the twitter gem, the search class wouldn't be much more than a thin wrapper around two (of the many) calls into this library.

A note on performance -- better performance *might* be achievable by using the streaming API, but (a) I don't know how this works, and (b) it requires specific whitelisting from Twitter to use. It appears that the library is correctly using pagination/cursors in blocks of 100 records, so this should be about as performant as you'll get when calling the Twitter REST API.
